Improve documentation (#1676)
uxlfoundation/oneTBB: doc/GSG/system_requirements.rst

System Requirements
*******************

> |full_name| supports broad list of HW platforms, operating systems and compilers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|full_name| supports a broad list of hardware platforms, operating systems, and compilers. 
```

> Refer to the `oneTBB System Requirements <https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneTBB/blob/master/SYSTEM_REQUIREMENTS.md>`_ for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, see `oneTBB System Requirements <https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneTBB/blob/master/SYSTEM_REQUIREMENTS.md>`_.
```
